OCPBUGS-54478#warning for nested mount points (#93626)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/openshift-storage-common-terms.adoc

Local volumes:: A local volume represents a mounted local storage device such as a disk, partition or directory.

> Nested mount points:: A nested mount point is a mount point that attempts to use a mount point created by a previous volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nested mount points:: A nested mount point is a mount point that attempts to use a mount point that a previous volume created.
```
- Minor rewrite to avoid passive voice.

+

> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example nested mount point
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
- mountPath: /opt/ibm/wlp/output
  name: output-folder-pvc
...

> - mountPath: /opt/ibm/wlp/output/defaultServer/resources/security/keystore/pkcs12/server.p12

Author: Done.

> - mountPath: /opt/ibm/wlp/output/defaultServer/resources/security/keystore/pkcs12/server.p12

Author: Sorry. Missed that. It has the callout now. Hopefully, it will render better. Multiple people have noticed the callout issue, so I think that it will be addressed.

  name: key-trust-store
  subPath: keystore/pkcs12/server.p12 
----
+

> It is recommended that you do _not_ use nested mount points, since {product-title} does not guarantee the order in which mount points are created. Such usage is prone to race conditions and undefined behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do _not_ use nested mount points, because {product-title} does not guarantee the order in which mount points are created. Such usage is prone to race conditions and undefined behavior.
```
- Minor suggestion for simplicity.
- ISG advises to not use "since" as a synonym for "because": https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#since
